# Credits

**ATEM Exporter** has been thrown together by [Chris Hocking](https://github.com/latenitefilms) at [LateNite](https://latenitefilms.com).

HUGE THANK YOU to my good friends Luke & Craig at [Five Peas](https://www.fivepeas.com.au) for allowing me to try this crazy idea on a live show. ðŸ˜¬

The **ATEM Exporter** icon was designed by the amazing [Matthew Skiles](http://matthewskiles.com).

Chris also created [CommandPost](https://commandpost.io), [Transfer Toolbox](https://transfertoolbox.io), [BRAW Toolbox](https://brawtoolbox.io), [Marker Toolbox](https://markertoolbox.io) and [Gyroflow Toolbox](https://gyroflowtoolbox.io).

You can learn more about Chris's creations over at [FCP Cafe](https://fcp.cafe/latenite/).

---

## TimecodeKit

HUGE THANK YOU to the amazing Steffan Andrews for his work on [TimecodeKit](https://github.com/orchetect/TimecodeKit)!

I would never have been able to make this app so quickly if it wasn't for his genius - TimecodeKit saves SO MUCH time!

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Steffan Andrews - https://github.com/orchetect

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

---

## Swift-Atem

HUGE THANK YOU to [Damiaan Dufaux](https://github.com/Dev1an) for his amazing work on [Swift-Atem](https://github.com/Dev1an/Swift-Atem).

I would never have been able to make this app so quickly if it wasn't for his genius!

I have forked his repository [here](https://github.com/latenitefilms/Swift-Atem), and plan to keep it up-to-date.

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Damiaan Dufaux

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```